>> Jen: How did the rest of you do?
What tripped you up along the way?
Anything in particular?
>> Speaker 2: For me it was hard to
get rid of everything and
then put it back together and think about.
It would be easy maybe
starting from the ground up.
>> Jen: Yeah, definitely,
definitely.
>> Speaker 2: But
it was hard to pull it out and
push it back in.
>> Jen: Yeah, yeah,
it's always hard rewriting code,
especially when it's not your own.
But unfortunately, it's something we
get called on to do a lot, don't we?
[LAUGH] Please fix this code
that somebody else wrote.
So I hear you on that.
[COUGH] All right, so we'll go ahead and
put up our answer here.
So somebody pointed out
over the break that I have
been neglectful of my meta viewport tags.
And I went back through the files for
the last two days and
realized there are a whole lot of files
that are missing the meta viewport tag.
So if that bothers you, I have added
that back to the master files and
I have put those up on GitHub for you.
And in fact, let me get out
of that folder all together,
>> Jen: So I don't write over my original.
Okay, so the answers here then
to the high in the sky history.
I wound up doing a few things here.
The thing that really threw me as I was
working through this particular page
actually was the nav bar.
The rest of it I found fairly
straightforward to recode.
But the nav bar has that cute little
scallop on the top that looks like pie
crust, and
I had a really hard time getting it
to work with the HTML that I had.
So I wound up adding a div
that's basically an empty div,
it just has the background image in it.
So that sits right on top of the nav bar,
I'll show you the CSS in a moment, and
holds as a container for the pie crust.
I didn't have to do that with
the floats or the Flexbox, but
I found with grid I did need to do it.
And then the rest of it I think
is pretty straight forward.
I have a div with a class of content,
I have my article.
My asides down here, I grouped together
in a div with a class of aside.
And I think those are sort of the major
changes that I had here in the HTML.
Then in the CSS, as I mentioned,
I added a couple of
extra wrapping elements and
they are in here.
So we have the, let's see,
there's that background image that I
was telling you about for that nav bar.
So it has a height of 12 pixels and it
just has that scallop repeating in the x
direction that sits nicely
on top of the nav bar.
And,
>> Jen: Here in the content outside
of the media query I've added to that, it
gave it that background color and a radius
associated with it and some padding.
>> Jen: And
then really all the magic happens more or
less here in the grid system.
So what I did here was I
set a width on the wrapper
of 97% with a max width of 767 pixels.
And then in the content,
that wound up being where my grid was.
We also had the aside, was going to
have the two columns inside of it, so
that'll put the little boxes
next to each other underneath.
So the content and
that right column wound up being
two things that were
placed inside of the grid.
And then there was a nested grid
in that aside over there so that
we could put the two boxes underneath.
>> Jen: Okay, and
then it changed around
here too in the desktop
display.
>> Jen: Does that sort
of vaguely make sense?
>> Jen: There's a ton of code there.
I just sorta hit the high points of what
changed, but you do have the answers
available to you there in the end folder,
so you can take a look at things.